Add clearsky cygnss layers (#3386)
nasa-gibs/worldview: config/default/common/config/metadata/layers/cygnss/CYGNSS_L3_Wind_Speed_SDR_Daily.md

 The CYGNSS/DDMI Wind Speed (SDR, Daily) layer is the daily ocean surface wind speed in meters per second (m/s) as provided by the Delay Doppler Mapping Instrument (DDMI) on board the CYGNSS spacecraft constellation. It is from the Version 3.0 CYGNSS Level 3 Science Data Record (SDR) which provides the average wind speed and mean square slope (MSS) on a 0.2x0.2 degree latitude by longitude equirectangular grid obtained from the Delay Doppler Mapping Instrument aboard the CYGNSS satellite constellation. The Level 2 Delay Doppler Map (DDM) data are used in the direct processing of the average wind speed and MSS data that are binned on the Level 3 grid. A subset of DDM data used in the direct processing of the average wind speed and MSS is co-located inside of the Level 2 data files. The reported sample locations are determined by the specular points corresponding to the Delay Doppler Maps (DDMs). The Version 3.0 release inherits all improvements made to the version 3.0 Level 2 data intended to improve the quality of the wind speed retrievals.

>  TThe layer provides high resolution wind speed data that allows for global tropical ocean observation.  he primary mission objective for CYGNSS is to provide frequent space‐based measurements of ocean surface wind speed in the inner core of tropical cyclones. The orbital asynchronicity with respect to the local solar daytime/nightime patterns may provide additional scientific opportunity to study wind speed variations and patterns due to the diurnal cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The layer provides high resolution wind speed data that allows for global tropical ocean observation The primary mission objective for CYGNSS is to provide frequent space‐based measurements of ocean surface wind speed in the inner core of tropical cyclones. The orbital asynchronicity with respect to the local solar daytime/nighttime patterns may provide additional scientific opportunity to study wind speed variations and patterns due to the diurnal cycle.
```
